Ran the command npm init -y
It creates a file named package.json which acts like the blueprint of my project which keeps on track which versions have been installed by me.
-y answers yes to all the default questions which have been asked if we haven't put -y at the end
This command not needed to run when we run the app

------------------

npm install express multer sqlite3 better-sqlite3 tesseract.js crypto
Express is the standard framework that makes building API endpoints simple. Node.js doesn't natively provide the easy way to handle the web server or provide the URL roots
multer acts as a middleman (middleware) that receives image files sent from your frontend form and saves them to your server's disk (uploads/ folder).
Instead of installing a massive database engine like PostgreSQL or MySQL on your computer, SQLite runs directly inside your project as a single database file
tesseract.js: An open-source Optical Character Recognition (OCR) engine.
crypto: A built-in Node.js module used to calculate a unique digital fingerprint (MD5 hash) of an uploaded image file.

--------------------

why server.js?
Starts the web server (Listens on port 3000)
delivers the files inside public to the user
Provides API EndPoints:
1. POST/api/verify: Accepts uploaded receipt images and order IDs, passes them to verifier.js and returns verification details.
2. GET/api/orders: Retrieves pending orders for dropdown selection.
3. GET/api/submissions: Fetches all processed payment logs for the business admin dashboard
4. GET/ api/bank-sms: Fetches received bank SMS records so the business owner can see available transaction alerts.

--------------------

why verifier.js?
1. Duplicate detection: Calculates an MD5 hash of the image and check the uniqueness of the image.
2. OCR extraction using tesseract.js
3. Amount and Reference verification: Extracts the numbers and heck whether the user have paid the correct amount and cross-checks the reference numbers in receipts.
4. Resores the friendly relations between incoming Bank sms alerts.

---------------------

why database.js?
1. It initializes SQLite, a single file database inside our project folder instead of running a heavy external database like MySQL.
2. Builds the 3 primary data tables. -orders(stores order details)   -bank-sms(stores bank alerts received by the business)   -submissions(stores the uploaded image path,computed image hash, extracted OCR text, parsed amount, decision)
3. Pre loads the test data. If the database is empty it automatically inserts sample orders and a sample bank SMS notification.
4. Exports a single shared connection: Both server.js and verifier.js need to read and write data to the database. By exporting db from database.js, all parts of your application share the exact same database connection safely.